let's see a small arrhythmia that
Marina had with Aurelio Manzano How
strange Me and Aurelio arguing have
appeared once graffiti in the house of
Rocio Jurado they decide to put
fuchsia tide then Rocio this means the
fuchsia Maria we have known perfectly well
for two and a half years that it is the
movement that is in favor of Rocio
Carrasco I have seen on social networks
people who have been
applauding it a lot of the blame goes to Rocio
Carrasco Oh but of course of course
YouTube but does not make any
statement
of YouTube channels that have come out Hey
some better than others are the ones that have had
great responsibility in creating
all this polarization